You guys in the class we deal with completely the design lay out of our lot in pitch in this video.
We'll be creating the authentication service.
Let's open up our power shall we know stop the app and type in and generate the service of God.
Once this is done type in research and let's minimize Arendal.
Now that's open.
Are you
here.
It's important our service and declare it as a provider.
Now that's open letter of service
here.
Imported can activate activate it route snapshot rowdiest snapshot and router from the Engeland router
package here we have declared dead of service.
Humans can do it which means that the Cirus will have the can activate method inside a constructor of
instantiated and get the router to connect you it or hear checks.
If the use is currently locked in if the user is locked in the angular router redirect the user to the
homepage.
Otherwise to of got access to the route specified now that our service has been set up this time of
use is better at routing would you.
So let's open it up
here if imported a got service and declare it inside it can do it probably inside it to route nodded
off groceries series has been set up with the router the router redirect the user to the homescreen
when the user ex-sister in their destruction page while he or she is locked in in this video set up
a service which can let us get access to certain routes and then next week you will see a demonstration
of what we have learned in this section.